docs: switch from code gen to cli (#47)
open-feature/cli: README.md

<!-- x-hide-in-docs-start -->

> [!CAUTION]
> The OpenFeature CLI is experimental!
> Feel free to give it a shot and provide feedback, but expect breaking changes.

[OpenFeature](https://openfeature.dev) is an open specification that provides a vendor-agnostic, community-driven API for feature flagging that works with your favorite feature flag management tool or in-house solution.
<!-- x-hide-in-docs-end -->

## Overview

> The OpenFeature CLI is a command-line tool designed to improve the developer experience of feature flags.

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenFeature CLI is a command-line tool designed to improve the developer experience when working with feature flags.
```

> The initial initial version of the CLI focuses on code generation.

Reviewer: Currently, features are focused primarily on supporting code generation.

Reviewer: Might read better and a bit less brittle if we add minor other stuff

> The initial initial version of the CLI focuses on code generation.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, features are focused primarily on supporting code generation.
```
